the son of the blacksmith
hello my name is bados is 17 years old and I'm
only son telling the city blacksmith
de taiz
I always liked going out on the planets when
around to hunt down some crazy
But my father always said that this was
very dangerous
but to get up it's easy I was already
middle age almost in the middle ages is
in war against the eyes
One day I was at my father's shop.
however some sports is a language
when you hear the two-way
warriors of the group were passing through
around the city
they said they gave up the external world
to do mission that retained years had
given and said that some bodies were
killing travelers passing by
soon after they buy the whole
listening to them talking
I was afraid of this mission because I
that Cyclopes were not so dumb with the
who were accustomed to face and
had never seen cyclops doing
searched for humans
the most they do is kill the
invaders of its territory like never before
I had seen no cycle of my life
decide to follow them
but just to observe from afar I would
lots of virus cutting tendons
of those big ones stuck in their
swords in their skulls what I said
for my father who was going to hunt some
long and following the warriors was already
late when leaving home through
waste during the trip was
listening to history that was discounted more
careful not to be discovered
when you get to the front of the hill they have
camp waited until it arrived
at dawn it was time for psychologists
attacking travelers decides to stay on top
of a tree waiting and cheering for
that there was something soon I could not stand it
more stare at those
warriors eating and belching until
an hour I began to feel it open where
I was and started to shake and even
wind but started to get stronger
when I came across two
synchronized my big and strong side and
they used lights that were my size
the dark night
I could barely see the group do not know what
do
the warriors were sleeping in one of the
icons that was on the side began in
the group and I saw that it would kill
Everyone then had to follow the cycle.
I was closer just after tapas
that the warriors would come up with an idea
when I hit the pic eye with
group move his arm he broke the
They saw me when I fell on the floor.
I could not scream and the guys I was
close the warriors with one blow
crushed the head of one of them but
Druid quickly woke up and managed to
escape a spell so that the cycle
get stuck between branches quickly
another warrior woke up and played
his sword set in charge on top of the
Monster and sun and snatched the
head explains in blood everywhere
I was on the floor and could not
to move
so I yelled at the group and said
there was one more cycle
they searched cyclically but did not find
nothing after all this
I deleted and just woke up my house, my father.
was thanking the group that had
defeated the cycle tried to raise the
my bed so I can talk to them more
I could not move my fears of having
My father comes directions explained everything.
What happened to me?
falling from the tree that was just
without the movement of my
legs
the day and even tried to heal me but it was already
too late
after that second day I am observing
all the adventurers who pass by
my father's shop and wonder what
adventures that could be
ah
so guys this is my first point
of a series that will make the tales
years and I hope you enjoy the
a little work to do but this one
there
if you have any tips or if you
Do you want to make a story tell me?
be very happy naha here for you
I thought, do not forget to write in the
channel that I liked and click
sign up I thought I said a hug and
went